rise of the horde the orcs became
increasingly aggressive under the secret
control of Gul Dan and his shadow
Council they constructed massive arenas
where the orcs honed their warrior
skills in trials of combat and death
during this period a few clan chieftain
spoke out against the growing depravity
in their race one such chieftain dorota
Nava Frostwolf clan warmed against the
orcs losing themselves to hit and fury
his words fell on deaf ears however as
stronger chieftains such as crumb hell
stream of the Warsong clan stepped
forward to champion the new age of
warfare and dominance kil Jaeden knew
that the orc clans were almost ready but
he needed to be certain of their
ultimate loyalty in secret he had the
shadow council summon mammal raft the
destructor the living vessel of
destruction and rage gold and called the
clan chieftains together and convinced
them that drinking manner offs raging
blood would make them utterly invincible
led by Grom Hellscream all the clan
chiefs acceptor Odin drank and thereby
sealed their fate says slaves to the
Burning Legion and powered by mannoroth
srage the chieftains unwittingly
extended the subjugation to their
unsuspecting brethren consumed with the
curse of this new bloodlust the orcs saw
to unleash their fury on any who stood
before them sensing that the time had
come Gul Dan United the warring clans
into a single unstoppable horde however
knowing that the various chieftains like
hell scream and orgrim Doomhammer would
vie for overall supremacy go Dan set up
a puppet or chief to rule over this new
horde black and the destroyer a
particularly deprave and vicious or core
Lord was chosen to be Gulden's puppet
under blackheads command the Horde set
out to test
self against the simple draenei over the
course of a few months the Horde
eradicated nearly every drain I living
Andre nor only a scattered handful of
survivors managed to evade the orcs
awesome wrath flushed with victory gul
dan reveled in the hordes power and
might still he knew that without any
enemies to fight the Horde would consume
itself with and listen fighting in its
unstoppable appetite for glorious
slaughter kil Jaeden knew that the Horde
was finally prepared the orcs had become
the burning legions greatest weapon the
cunning demon shared his knowledge with
his waiting master and Sardar us agreed
that the time of his revenge had finally
come
you